hey guys I'm here for a quick very
snappy shot and this time I'll be
featuring
l'oréal's newest pallets that just
released here in the US in this lapel a
nude one and lapel a nude too I believe
L'Oreal released these lapel nude series
in the UK before we got this in the US
and our version is a little bit bigger
comparing it to the pictures that I've
seen online so first things first as far
as where I found my pallets have found
them at my local Walmart and it was 15
dollars and 97 cents and for a drugstore
palette definitely is quite bit pricey
so given the price points of these
pallets I was definitely expecting a lot
from these pallets granted that they're
not the first kind of all in all nude
palette that came up from the drugstore
if you guys are familiar with the
Maybelline the nudes palette I was
definitely excited when this first
release and this was 997 and this
product was okay it wasn't really
bordering into high-end territory but
for an everyday drugstore pal a for a
beginner this was an OK palette to have
so L'Oreal came out with their version
'la palette nude one has a warmer kind
of the basic more Brown eyeshadows while
the palette new two features more rosy
purpley tones and if you're kind of
thinking high-end this would probably be
the original Naked palette and maybe the
Naked 3 the eyeshadows in the palette
are quite soft and they are much better
performance wise and they feel a lot
more luxurious compared to the nudes
palette from Maybelline so as far as
pigmentation I prefer la palette nude
one over lapel at nude - I feel like the
eyeshadows are quite decent but I had
such high expectations from the palette
that for me the pick even though the
pigmentation was okay I felt like
performance wise it was kind of lacking
even though the eyeshadows were really
soft the matte eyeshadows kicked up a
lot of powder and they just didn't build
that amount of color on my eyelids like
I wanted it to if you're on a budget and
you wanted just a quick neutral palette
that you can wear every day I felt like
this would make a Dee
an alternative I do have a problem with
packaging though even though it's quite
nicely built it's quite big for a
drugstore eyeshadow palette and if you
were thinking of maybe to put it in your
makeup bag I mean the average makeup bag
I don't think it's that big I feel like
the nudes eyeshadow palette from
Maybelline was a good size so if you're
comparing it the size of this eyeshadow
palette to the Naked palette from Urban
Decay this is a little bit the NIC kid
palette is a little bit thinner and this
is a little bit wider but the Urban
Decay Naked is a little bit longer in
length this packaging wise is nicely
built but I just feel like for someone
for a cheap eyeshadow palette that you
kind of want to just carry around I
think the packaging is quite bulky the
eyeshadows in the palette are quite big
though the naked palettes have twelve
eyes shadows and these have ten it
contains about 1.75 grams of product per
eyes shadow whereas I believe the naked
palettes that's the full size Urban
Decay eyeshadow it has one point 3 and
the nudes palette only has about 0.87 so
you are getting a lot of product from
these eyeshadow palettes and comparing
the two palettes I do prefer the palette
nude one over lapel at new to I felt
like the new to pile had a lot more
mattes in this palette but I felt like
the eyeshadows were a lot more powdery
and they just didn't perform well on the
eyes compared to the palette nude one I
feel like this would be a great everyday
eyeshadow palette whereas this could
cater more towards if you are leaning
towards wearing more purpley tones or
mommy tones at this eyeshadow palette
have whereas this can be more versatile
and you can wear this almost every day
because he has your Basics the only
thing is that's lacking in both palettes
is a very nice black eyeshadow maybe as
a liner shadow that you may want to use
or basic just kind of a darker eyeshadow
that can you can use to define the outer
V of your eye so the eyeshadow palettes
included this little applicator it's
pretty small if you have small eyes this
may work for you the sponge applicator
can be useful if you don't have any
other
tools but for the most part I really
didn't really bother to use the
applicator for the tutorial that will be
providing at the very end of this video
so its price my overall thoughts if I
didn't have too much expectations for
this palette maybe I would have been
more impressed or if this wasn't if this
was the first kind of nudes palette that
was released in the drugstore I'd
probably be a lot more excited once I
got to play with the eyeshadows I felt
like I was more excited with the
Maybelline the nudes palette even though
this is a lot less pigmented than those
two palettes I felt like for the price
and kind of the way it was presented I
wanted the eyeshadows to kind of give me
more I wouldn't say this eyeshadow
palettes are completely bad but I was
expecting a little bit more from this
eyeshadow palettes granted that I do
have a larger collection of high-end
eyeshadow palettes that are similar to
the naked format so it really it depends
on what your budget is and what you're
looking for an eyeshadow palette I feel
like if you're on a budget and you
wanted something that's similar to the
Naked palette and that you wanted to
wear on a daily basis if you can get a
coupon in your Sunday paper and whatnot
I mean if you were debating between
these two I do prefer the low palette
nudes because pigmentation wise and as
far as the amount of Tschida
shadows that you do get in the palette
it's a lot more than the maybelline so
that is it for my Beauty snapshot I hope
this was helpful and I do have a mini
tutorial at the Baron of the video I
used ala palette nude one just so you
can see how the eyeshadows perform in my
eyes I hope you guys found this helpful
and I'll talk to you guys later bye